KO's Purpose, Vision, and Mission
The purpose of Knowledge Operations is to enhance the military's ability to utilize and analyze information/data to support their decision making and awareness of the situation surrounding them. There is a great deal of relevant and actionable data that must be transfered to knowledge for officers to make decision making. Knowledge operation's mission is to meet the needs of the commander's mission anytime anywhre by maintaining a shared of understanding for decicions and processes. Processes are segemented methods of receiving a desired outcome and it is the military leadership who would be the one's enchancing their understanding of processes. The Knowledge Operations process is to assess, develop, and implement information strategies.The term governance refers to the rules dictating the need and direction of military processes.Knowledge operators must understand the audience in communication their information as well as the formal and informal networks that underly the governance structure. 


KO's Core Competencies
The core competencies of any knowledge operator surrounds primarily interactions between people and the data that people in organizations use to collaborate between themselves to advance business functionality.
Each core componency brings unique abilitieis to the mission. Process improvement convers finding, studying and improving existing business processes to meet the every changing needs and quotas of quality.
Enterprise Information Systems Technology is what allows these businesses to coordinate these procesess using a robust technological foundation. The processes set in place are held together by the competency of 'Business Continuity' which allows core business functions to stay online and active during distaster of unplanned incidents.
'Communities of Practice' are the social systems that underly a group of people engaging in collaborative learning in a shared domain. Within these communities the competency of Social Collaboration is a set of processes helping these groups to achieve common goals. When people have connected with each other in a process for business reasons, this is termed Professional Networking.

The major duties of the Knowledge Operator

There is a distinction to be made between Information Management and Records Management; Both are duties performed by Knowledge Operators. Information management is entirely technology based and deals with easy to replicate hard data such as facts and information. It concerns enabling data's ability to be tagged, searched, and access regarless of owner of physical location. Knowledge Management/Records management is people-based and deals with the whole organization holisticly. Records management has a lot to do with the Privacy and Freedom of Information Act and concerns customer facing concepts. Along with Information and Records Management, Knowledge operators are responsible for Planning and Implementing Activities. This is a all encompassing areas concerting managing and supervising activities, monitoring constructions and engineering programs as whell as developing the pase communication system. This would include interactions with the customers like performing mission reviews and monitoring project milestones. Records and files would also have to be maintained and access to these systems must be managed by a Knowedge Operator.
