Knowledge Operations Career Field Structure and some of the key positions within the career field

these key positions and their responsibilities

The Major Command Functional Manager advises the staff on Cyber Defense Ops training and utilization issues by gathering data from reviews. They are mainly in charge of staffing and training policies as well as developing Specialty Knowledge Tests and Career Development Courses. MAJCOM Commanders establish culture, governance, process management, and decisio support for Knowledge Operators. MAJCOM Director of Staff allots room in the budget for Knowledge Operations and directs funding activities. They also advise the Knowledge Operations Officer. Directors champion and maintain the culture of their organization and they reward members who share the knowledge they learn from their lessons. They also hold members acccountable for reaching goals. Division and Branch Chiefs monitor the knowledge of their subordinates and reward or punish personnel based upon desired behaviors surrounding information sharing. The Knowledge Operations Officer provides assessments and feedback to leadership on the status of Knowledge Operations processes. Knowledge Operations Representatives are those that facilitate the exchange of information by helping people looking for knowledge get access to it. The role of Knowledge Worker one that can be applied to any member of the organization, since they all deal with knowledge.

opinion on which position is the most important

The most important position is the Knowledge worker. Any person in the organization can be classed as a Knowledge worker. While Knowledge workers can be monitored, rewarded, or punished based upon the actions they take, they themselves are untimately responsible for their own actions and direct their own processes in accordance with their understanding of the structure. The Knowledge worker is essentialy the consumer and the whole field exists to promote them and their interests. Most of the Administrative roles in the Knowledge Operations Career field structue advise and direct the way Knowledge Workers share information. Since the field of Knowledge Management is focused around people, this role represents the human aspect of information and the culture around networks built upon shared human interests. The people in this position would be most aware of corner issues and new discoveries and must funnel them up to leadership roles to make sure policies change to adapt to new changing circumstances.




