 summarize what a Knowledge Operations Center is

The Knowledge Operations Center is the instrument the organization uses to interact with enterprise level information technologies. It is a team dedicated to solving technical problems and managing information assets. The Knowledge Operations Center is the focal point in communications between many organizations who wish o use shared resources. Member of this team will build relevent solutions to allow different parts of the organization access data and data technologies. An SNCO such as a Master Sergeant will usually be in charge of a Knowledge Operations Center. This individual will have a high level of techical master and know how to meet the requirements of the 'analyze and apply' stage of Knowledge Operations as well as work with leadership. Duties are separated into different offices and they are characteirzed as either sustained or mobile roles. Each Knowledge Operations Center provides support for cross functional information sharing.  Several assigned Junior Enlisted Airmen will perform much of the technical work.

offer your opinion on the value added by a KOC

Without a Knowledge Operations Center you could either have every member of the organization equiped with access to technologies and full data functionality of you could have intermittent or sparse understanding and use of resources. The first case is infeasable becuase different ranks are only authorized to use and access certain parts of the information technology structure. Not everyone in the organization can be trusted and burdened with the upkeep and expertise of complex information systems. In the second case, if Knowledge managements is unstandardized and informal, no one will be able to know where to get what they need and there would be no way to get legal justificification for discrepencies that occur within the Information Technology domain. By reserving a portion of an organization's infrastructure solely to meet these needs many problems and headaches that may occur are averted and everyone has access to the information that they need without having to be at the highest levels of expertise so they can worry about their own job.