summarize what Mobile and Sustained roles are

When members of the Knowledge Operations Center work in the capacity of Sustained roles they are mainly acting to support some feature of an organization or establish policies that make sure organizations comply with standards set by leadership. In sustained roles, information may be sensitive of fall under the Freedom of Information Act or Privacy so the Knowledge Operators must help in resolving the situation by connecting the organization to the appropiate agencies. Mobile roles consist of working with members of an organization and leadership to fix discrepancies and ensure the organization's information needs are met to advance that organization's mission. The Knowledge Operaiosn Cener must ensure the organization is meeting the legal standards concerning the protection and sharing of sensitive data. Data must be destroyed at the right time and it is also part of the role to educate and train users in the processes that solve knowledge operations problems. Relationship must be built within these organizations to have a consensus of the best solutions and resolve obstacles sufficiently. This is a more hands on job that consists of gaining control of stockpiles of digital data and organizing/securing it. 

compare the responsibilities of each

Mobile roles generally revolve around the Knowledge Operations Center's interactions with external organizations.
They work one to one with each organization and improve the information capacities of that organization by implementing that organization's desired mission. Sustained roles are processes that are provided automatically at any time by the Knowledge Operation Center based upon request. These concern inter - organizational functions such as search, archival, and sharing. These are not usually changing based upon a particular customer's inquiries. Sustained roles are more globally oriented. On the other hand, mobile roles design and plan based upon specific problems and processes within an organization and develop best practices based upon these findings. The Privacy Act and the Freedom of Information Act are encompassed by sustained roles. Mobile roles are more based upon research and training. Two examples are 'Build Unit Knowledge Operations Plan' and 'Educate and Train Users on EIS and Collaboritive Technologies'. It is in this role where SharePoint sites are build and configured for tasks.

